#Ulog 28 June 2019 - 17,500 words a day *Question Mark*

17,500 is the magic number for me in the next couple of days. Maybe weeks, months or years. I mean I gotta put in the work and get the words in. The thing is that I don't really know what I am getting myself in.

The idea is simple. Write everything on SteemIt and then slowly cut out the fluff to make courses, videos, books and whatnot.

SteemIt is my dumping ground for all my writing shit. I just keep typing and dumping it onto this place. But then the thing is, it is edited shit. It is edible. For rabbits.

Why the magic number? I need to create a whole big chunk of content. I do not understand or fathom the magnitude. I might else well declare myself an epic failure again. Pick myself up and attempt the impossible once again. 

The very next day.

I have just put in 4,000 words into my word count for the day yesterday. I looked back into my history of 90 days and not even once did I break the 1000 word mark a day.

Thus, it is said that this is more than crazy.

Doesn't matter.

I'll do it anyway.

Fail if I may. I'm doing it. I just going to focus. Write and then convert it to whatever I need to do.

I don't know how long it will take to write that 17,500 words a day. But I'll just keep running. One foot at a time. Left right left right left.

Just a little bit to the front. A few steps more and a little bit more. 

Soon that 42km marathon will be done. 

That 42km will have to be equivalent to something in monetary value. But hey... I ain't putting my hopes up that I will be a billionaire over night.

I mean I am writing this SteemIt posts in hopes to get 1 cent a day. With 1000 posts, I get a hefty 10 dollars.

What a huge number that is. I'll just keep writing some more and break some form of record to make the number even higher than I would every single day.

Do you know why the world is still around?

I bet you know it and don't want to reveal it to us.

That's because hey... this world is as crazy as it should be and we are all in it on this ride we call life.

I am going to sign off with this 1st post that I am doing for the day.

See you at the top!



